# Entry 2
##### 1/12/2024

I have chosen to learn unity. I'm working with Uylesses and Jaiden on a Unity game. I'm trying to make a game with a player that moves a location where he can move around. So then I looked up how to add a player model. On Unity, there was an asset tab so I looked up if there was a place to get free assets from somewhere and there was. I made an account on the Unity Asset store and downloaded the one that stood out. I got the [free Low Poly Human - RPG Character](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/fantasy/free-low-poly-human-rpg-character-219979) it had animations and clothes for my player. I downloaded it and added it to my Unity project. I then looked up how to move my player character. This [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQLvcS9FxnY) made it simple for me and gave me code that I can work with. What I need to work on is that my character is floating when I start the game and also it doesn't have any animation. In the Engineering Design Process, I am learning my tool and creating a demo of the game I want to make. The skills I learned was to learn how to google so I could get the help that I needed to learn how to make the game we wanted. I also learned how to embrace failure, UNity is a new thing to me and because of that a lot of errors came my way so me, Jaiden, and Ulysses had to fix them together. So because of that I also gained a skill of communication and collaboration with my teammates as it was necessary for us to work together and overcome problems.     So my winter break goal is to at least add animation for walking forward. ADD IMAGES TO THIS LIKE THE PLAYER MODEL.

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
